docs: updated references of interfaces (#3563)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/contracts/managing-deployed-contracts.md

The `contractId` property from the [`Contract`](https://fuels-ts-docs-api.vercel.app/classes/_fuel_ts_program.Contract.html) class is an instance of the [`Address`](https://fuels-ts-docs-api.vercel.app/classes/_fuel_ts_address.Address.html) class.

> The [`Address`](https://fuels-ts-docs-api.vercel.app/classes/_fuel_ts_address.Address.html) class also provides a set of utility functions for easy manipulation and conversion between address formats along with one property; `b256Address`, which is of the [`B256`](../types/bits256.md) type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Address`](https://fuels-ts-docs-api.vercel.app/classes/_fuel_ts_address.Address.html) class also provides a set of utility functions for easy manipulation and conversion between address formats along with one property; `b256Address`, which is a string encoded in [`B256`](../types/bits256.md) format.
```
Nit, in TS `b256` type is just `string`
